hi everyone so today I
presented a tweak so interesting to
own on having on his iphone so
the tuc is called a cleaner he is
pretty well known normally but if you
do not know I advise you to
the install it is available on the
source of big boss it looks good
all this is free
so we could see it is available
for iphone ipod and ipad then site lite
allows you to clean your iphone so
save space on your iphone so
sent it's here that tells you the space
available in general as well as space
system what I find interesting
is that you can for example
deleted attachments
ddd message so bullshit there we can
not so if you have received pictures or
what so to see have room
it offers you also clean safari
so that's for sure my stuff and cookies and
and so on
the apps you can clean
things in cydia is to go on this
site many unused dependencies of
log files
so that's all that is system
temporary hidden files and types
of files you can hot so there
those who are here once
you did cleaning you can
so simply clicked obs his
cleaning all over you have
some settings to see a test mode
you can for example if necessary
exclude certain software
so do you see the coachmen simply
by going into the settings you can
as well
pop up bought the app will be
apparently he searched to make a donation to
the person no spear if you are on
windows you can know this
software also called ricklin
hours and works as well so
to be able to make a silver canvas
when you 10 ticked them what
you need or not and then you
do cleaning
then once
you are reporting it by klein cleaner
cleaning finished cleared spaces 662 m
ib so glazes no it's not at
neglect
and then there is faro sprinting so I have
no mercy it's him who makes him
automatically
so less you need to restart
but so does their spring and then from
you can go and check yourself
in the settings so in
information as to what he has
deleted from the files you have
that you asked him to delete
so as you could see that which
appeared so here is the applications
that I checked so if I had
unchecked at that moment simply
he would not have to remove much of which
as I saw six years is dead so me
for my part while I do the facts
not so long ago that it goes so
it's not insignificant and I
just advise to do it
you too
so when I have already repeated enough
the application is called cleaner is
available free on the source of
big boss and I advise you
greatly and so that's it